CNV-68980: Must gather image (#102013)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-troubleshoot-fusion-access-san.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/fusion_access_SAN/install-configure-fusion-access-san.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="troubleshoot-fusion-access-san_{context}"]
= Troubleshooting {IBMFusionFirst}

If you encounter issues with {IBMFusionFirst}, provide the must-gather image with the other information provided to Red Hat support. This image contains critical data about your cluster and project resources, logs, and events from your deployment. The following command is used to create the image:

----

> $ oc adm must-gather --image=icr.io/cpopen/ibm-spectrum-scale-must-gather:v5.2.3.1

Author: @achuzhoy Thank you for the clarification. That is a great suggestion. I will implement the update.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // * virt/fusion_access_SAN/install-configure-fusion-access-san.adoc

Reviewer: The assembly path is `‎virt/storage/install-configure-fusion-access-san.adoc`

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="troubleshoot-fusion-access-san_{context}"]
= Troubleshooting {IBMFusionFirst}

> If you encounter issues with {IBMFusionFirst}, provide the must-gather image with the other information provided to Red Hat support. This image contains critical data about your cluster and project resources, logs, and events from your deployment. The following command is used to create the image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter issues with {IBMFusionFirst}, provide the must-gather image to Red{nbsp}Hat support. This image contains critical data about your cluster and project resources, logs, and events from your deployment. The following command is used to create the image:
```

----
$ oc adm must-gather --image=icr.io/cpopen/ibm-spectrum-scale-must-gather:v<software_version>

> ----

Author: Thanks for the reminder. We don't tag them in OpenStack.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/storage/install-configure-fusion-access-san.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="troubleshoot-fusion-access-san_{context}"]
= Troubleshooting {IBMFusionFirst}

If you encounter issues with {IBMFusionFirst}, provide the must-gather image to Red{nbsp}Hat support. This image contains critical data about your cluster and project resources, logs, and events from your deployment.

.Procedure

. To obtain the deployed version of {IBMFusionFirst}, use the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get fusionaccesses.fusion.storage.openshift.io  -n ibm-fusion-access fusionaccess-sample -o jsonpath='{.spec.storageScaleVersion}'
----
+
[NOTE]
====
This command returns the numeric value of the deployed version of {IBMFusionFirst} such as `2.11.0`.
====

> . To create the must-gather image, use the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To create the `must-gather` image, use the following command:
```
Funny enough, I went to check on this, and you can see in https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.20/html/support/gathering-cluster-data#gathering-data-specific-features_gathering-cluster-data where it's formatted differently for Virtualization versus regular OCP 🤭 

<img width="848" height="502" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1d8d909c-7cd1-409d-a484-f17475755064" />

I think it _should_ be formatted as "`must-gather` image" but we probably need a follow up Jira to fix it in other places in the docs too.
